

https://blogs.nvidia.com/blog/2022/05/30/isc-digital-twins/



SUPERCOMPUTING: THE KEY TO UNLOCKING THE NEXT LEVEL OF DIGITAL TWINS
(Monday, May 30)

A Digital Twin is a virtual representation of a physical object or system from the real world in the digital world; or in other words, it serves as the real-time digital counterpart of a physical object or system. It is irrelevant whether the physical object or system already exists in the real world or will exist in the future.

Digital Twins are updated from real-time data, and uses simulation, machine learning and reasoning to help decision-making. Especially in industry digital twin simulations will enable the next era of industrial virtualization and AI.

Rev Lebaredian, VP of Omniverse and Simulation Technology at NVIDIA explains how a confluence of today's technologies has led to a big bang in large-scale virtual world simulation.

In a special guest feature, Michele Melchiorre, Senior Vice President at BMW Group for Production System, Technical Planning, Tool Shop and Plant Construction, will jointly take you on a journey through stages of BMW’s virtual production system and explore challenges and benefits of digital twin projects empowered by supercomputing algorithms.



_________________________________________________________________________________

From the dawn of the computer graphics revolution to the present day, Rev Lebaredian has always been at its cutting edge. His career has seen him plying his skills at Warner Brothers Digital and Disney Dream Quest Images before starting his own venture, Steamboat Software. Top VFX studios around the world have used his work in rendering and volumetric algorithms in many popular films such as “Stuart Little,” “Dr. Seuss’ How the Grinch Stole Christmas,” “X-men 2”, and many more. After moving to NVIDIA, Rev began work on the first shading language for programable GPUs and since then has helped NVIDIA’s teams take on numerous disparate challenges, including large scale automated testing of 3D apps (GTL), advancing real-time physics simulation (PhysX), in-game photography (Ansel), robotics simulation (Isaac Sim), and immersive product design and visualization (Project Holodeck). While his past achievements are numerous, it’s the future he finds the most exciting. For the last five years, he and his teams have been combining the rendering, physics simulation, and artificial intelligence technologies pioneered by NVIDIA into a single platform for creating and simulating physically-accurate virtual worlds—NVIDIA Omniverse. Rev continues to lead the Omniverse product, engineering, and research teams as Vice President of Omniverse and Simulation Technology.

_________________________________________________________________________________

Michele Melchiorre is a true automotive industry expert. Throughout his career, he has gained extensive experience not only in the automotive sector but also in other areas of transport, such as space and rail. Studying engineering and business administration at university, he developed an interdisciplinary background that was to become a springboard for his wide-ranging career. After graduating, Michele worked for the Daimler-Benz AG including the aerospace manufacturers DASA and EADS (now Airbus), holding various managerial positions in the fields of production development and strategy, prototyping and manufacturing. Then his ‘Italian Job’ began: In line with his Italian roots, he became Vice President Manufacturing Engineering at Fiat Chrysler Automobiles in Turin. But Michele was drawn back to Germany, more precisely to Berlin, where he joined the rolling stock and rail transport manufacturer Bombardier Transportation as Group Vice President Global Supply Chain. After two years as COO of the Austrian manufacturer of industrial rubber and plastic products Semperit AG Holding, he returned to his automotive roots: Michele joined BMW AG as Managing Director of Plant Debrecen in Hungary. Since May 2020 he has been Senior Vice President Production System, Technical Planning, Tool Shop. In this position, Michele is responsible for all planning activities of the BMW Group's worldwide production network, which has 31 plants, as well as being comprehensively involved in the future topics of electrification, innovation and digitalization with his team.


------




Highly accurate digital representations of physical objects or systems, or “digital twins,” will enable the next era of industrial virtualization and AI, executives from NVIDIA and BMW said Tuesday.

Kicking off the ISC 2022 conference in Hamburg, Germany, NVIDIA’s Rev Lebaredian (left), vice president for Omniverse and simulation technology, was joined by Michele Melchiorre, senior vice president for product system, technical planning, and tool shop at BMW Group.

“If you can construct a virtual world that matches the real world in its complexity, in its scale and in its precision, then there are a great many things you can do with this,” Lebaredian said.

While Lebaredian outlined the broad trends and technological advancements driving the evolution of digital twin simulations, Melchiorre offered a detailed look at how BMW has put digital twins to work in its own factories.

Melchiorre explained BMW’s plans to use digital twins as a tool to become more “lean, green and digital,” describing real-time collaboration with digital twins and opportunities for training AIs as a “revolution in factory planning.”

Digital twins such as the BMW iFACTORY initiative described by Melchiorre — which harnesses real-time data, simulation and machine learning — are an example of how swiftly digital twins have become workhorses for industrial companies such as Amazon Robotics, BMW and others.

These systems will link our representations of the world with data streaming in, in real-time, from these worlds, Lebaredian explained.

“What we’re trying to introduce now is a mechanism by which we can link the two together, where we can detect all the changes in the physical version, and reflect them in the digital world,” Lebaredian said. “If we can establish that link we gain some amazing superpowers.”

Supercomputing Is Transforming Every Field of Discovery
And it’s another powerful example of how technologies from the supercomputing industry — particularly its focus on simulation and data center scale GPU computing — are spilling over into the broader world.

At the same time, converging technologies have transformed high-performance computing, Lebaredian said. GPU-accelerated systems have become a mainstay not just in scientific computing, but edge computing, data centers and cloud systems.


NVIDIA’s Rev Lebaredian, vice president for Omniverse and simulation technology, speaking at ISC 2022.
And AI-accelerated GPU computing has also become a cornerstone of modern high-performance computing. That’s positioned supercomputing to realize the original intent of computer graphics: simulation.

Computers, algorithms and AI have all matured enough that we can begin simulating worlds that are complex enough to be useful on an industrial scale, even using these simulations as training grounds for AI.

World Simulation at an Inflection Point
With digital twins, a new class of simulation is possible, Lebaredian said.

These require precision timing — the ability to simulate multiple autonomous systems at the same time.

They require physically accurate simulation.

And they require accurate ingestion of information from the “real twin,” and continuous synchronization.

These digital twin simulations will give us “superpowers.”

The first one Lebaradian dug into was teleportation. “Just like in a multiplayer video game any human anywhere on earth can teleport into that virtual world,” Lebaradian said.

The next: time travel.

“If you record the state of the world over time, you can recall it at any point, this allows time travel,” Lebaradian said.

“You can not only now teleport to that world, but you can scrub your timeline and go backwards to any point in time, and explore that space at any point in time,” he added.

And, finally, these simulations, if accurate enough, will let us understand what’s next.

“If you have a simulator that is extremely accurate and actually predictive of what will happen in the future if you understand the laws of physics well enough you essentially get time travel to the future,” Lebaredian said.

“You can compute not just one possible future, but many possible futures,” he added, outlining how this could let city planners see what could happen as they modify a city, plan the road and change the traffic systems to find “the best possible future.”

Modern supercomputing is unlocking these digital twins, which are extremely compute-intensive and require precision timing networking with extremely low latency.

“We need a new kind of supercomputer, one that can really accelerate artificial intelligence and run these massive simulations in true real-time,” Lebaradian said.

That will require GPU-accelerated systems that are optimized at every layer of the system to enable precision timing.

These systems will need to run not just on the data center, but reach the edge of networks to bring data into virtual simulations with precision timing.

Such systems will be key to advances on scales both small — such as drug discovery, and large — such as climate simulation.

“We need to simulate our climate we need to look really far out, we need to do so at a precision that’s never been done before, and we need to be able to trust our simulations are actually predictive and accurate, if we do that we have some hope we can deal with this climate change situation,” Lebaradian said.

BMW’s iFACTORY: “Lean, Green and Digital”
BMW’s Melchiorre provided an example of how this broad vision is being put to work today at BMW, as the automaker seeks to become “lean, green and digital.”


Michelle Melchiorre, senior vice president for product system, technical planning, and tool shop at BMW Group.
BMW has built exceptionally complex digital twins, simulating its factories with humans and robots interacting in the same space, at the same time.

It’s an effort that stretches from the factory floor to the company’s data center, to its entire supply chain. This digital twin involves millions of moving parts and pieces that are connected to an enormous supply chain.

Melchiorre walked his audience through a number of examples of how digital twins simulate various pieces of the plant, simulating how industrial machinery, robots, and people will move together.


Inside the digital twin of BMW’s assembly system, powered by Omniverse, an entire factory in simulation.
And he explained how they are leveraging NVIDIA technology to simulate entire factories before they’re even built.

Melchiorre showed an aerial image of the site where BMW is building a new factory in Hungary. While the real-world factory is still mostly open field, the digital factory is 80% complete.

“This will be the first plant where we will have a complete digital twin much before production starts,” Melchiorre said.

In the future, the iFACTORY will be real in all of BMW’s plants, Melchiorre explained, from BMW’s 100-year-old home plant in Munich to its forthcoming plant in Debrecen, Hungary.​

“This is our production network, not just one factory – each and every plant will go in this direction, every plant will develop into a BMW iFACTORY, this is our master plan for our future,” Melchiorre said.


----

https://www.enterpriseai.news/2022/04/08/isc-2022-digital-twins-keynote-preview/



ISC 2022: Digital Twins Keynote Preview
April 8, 2022 by Nages Sieslack

In this contributed Q&A, ISC’s Nages Sieslack interviews Rev Lebaredian, vice president of Omniverse and simulation technology at Nvidia, about the use of digital twin technology for science and industry. Lebaredian will be delivering the opening keynote at ISC 2022 in partnership with Michele Melchiorre, senior vice president of production system, technical planning, tool shop at BMW Group.

How is the computational model that Nvidia has embraced different from traditional digital simulations. What role will supercomputing play in Digital Twin technology?

Rev Lebaredian: All things that are designed and built by humans are typically first built in a virtual world. Bicycles, cars, bridges, factories … are all designed and simulated with various CAD and CAE tools, well before they are built in the real world. Physically accurate and extremely fast simulation is key to designing the best and most efficient products, processes, and environments. We can quickly test many iterations of a design in the virtual world at a fraction of the cost of what it would take to build them in the real world.

Once the digital version of the product is complete, it’s transformed into its real world dual—one built from atoms instead of electrons. In most cases today, that’s the end of the road for the digital version.

But, if we link the two manifestations—digital and real—they can evolve with each other. We can capture data from the real world through IoT sensors and devices and feed it into the digital model, keeping the “twins” in sync.

Applying accurate physical simulation to the digital twin gives us incredible superpowers. We can teleport to any part of the digital twin just like we can in a video game and inspect any aspect of it reflected from the real world. We can also run simulations to predict the near future or test many possible futures for us to pick the most optimal one.

Digital twins give us the ability to apply powerful design practices common in modern software engineering–continuous integration, continuous delivery–to the design and engineering of all things. They allow us to make layout, process, operational, or systems changes in the digital twin before deploying to the physical world where there is great risk of downtime and safety.

Digital twins encompass the monitoring, operating, and optimizing of autonomous systems through living simulations. All of the agents and systems must operate in the same space-time–requiring a new class of computing architecture at data center scale. The real-time nature of this new computing architecture demands precise and synchronous timing (precision timing protocol) to orchestrate physical and virtual agents operating in the same time domain. Both the software and the supercomputer need to be scalable, low latency, and support precise time.

We’ve built the Omniverse platform and new technologies like NVIDIA Modulus for AI-physics simulation, and OVX infrastructure, to unlock the full potential of Digital Twins—from design and creation to physically accurate simulation on supercomputers.

In light of your upcoming keynote at ISC 2022, can you detail the cooperation Nvidia has with other car manufacturers?

Rev Lebaredian: We are working with hundreds of automakers, trucking companies, robotaxis and shuttles to deliver a range of semi-autonomous to fully autonomous vehicles. Our auto ecosystem spans OEMs, Tier 1 suppliers, sensor makers, software companies and research institutions. Volvo Cars, Zoox and SAIC are among the growing ranks of leading transportation companies using the newest NVIDIA DRIVE solutions to power their next-generation AI-based autonomous vehicles. We have been partnering with Mercedes Benz to develop their fleet of autonomous cars, build intelligent cockpits, and redesigning car architectures for an AI driver.

All of the top car manufacturers have expressed interest in Omniverse digital twin projects and many are actively engaged in Omniverse projects, exploring how Omniverse can serve as an open and extensible platform to connect every part of their development process - from styling and concept design to engineering simulation to Factory Digital Twins and AI for logistics.

How does digital twin serve science and how can the scientific community benefit from this technology?

Lebaredian: For the scientific community, digital twins bring enormous potential and opportunity.  With digital twins developed and operated in platforms like NVIDIA Omniverse and based on open standards like Universal Scene Description (USD), the scientific community can combine outputs from traditional simulations, AI models, and observed data into a single, aggregated, living model of a complex system. What was previously impossible with traditional modeling techniques, are not only expensive and time-consuming to execute, but also only provide a ‘point in time’ view of the system. With true digital twin simulations, the scientific community can interactively run infinite what-if scenarios which will allow researchers to explore a broader solution space for use cases such as drug discovery, climate research, and renewable energy. Lastly, with visual simulations of digital twins, the scientific community has an enormous opportunity to convey the impact of their research findings to broader non-technical audiences, influencing authoritative bodies like policy makers, and the general public.

What are the other areas we can see digital twin being applied in the future? What is the timeline for this?

Lebaredian: We will see digital twins affecting every industry, if not already - financial markets, industrial manufacturing, transportation, infrastructure and city planning, retail, supply chains, energy, climate and environment, healthcare. Digital twins will also usher in the next wave of robotics.

Digital twins are already here. Nvidia has been working with simulated virtual worlds for over a decade. We built a digital twin of our autonomous vehicle fleet, and the worlds they are born and raised in–Omniverse. We built Isaac Sim to create and simulate digital twin environments for training and testing robots. We are building digital twins of our data centers and supercomputers to enable true software automation. Our partners and customers are using Omniverse to build digital twins of automotive factories, warehouses, cities, 5G networks, self-driving car fleets, climate and weather.

Finally, what can the ISC attendees expect from this keynote address?

Lebaredian: ISC attendees will get to see how a new class of digital twin simulations and supercomputers are transforming industries–ushering in a new era of AI. They will get a behind the scenes look at the invention of hyperscale software and hardware, required to power development and operation of large scale, physically accurate and super-realtime digital twin simulations. Last but not least, they’ll get an intimate look at the vision the BMW Group has set for their factories of the future, their current progress, and what’s coming next!


https://www.enterpriseai.news/2022/04/08/isc-2022-digital-twins-keynote-preview/